Claude Code has received an insane amount of updates recently from Claude desktop's SSH support, app previews, and GitHub integration to simple mode in the terminal, which trips out skills, plugins, and custom tools, making it easy for basic tasks. But the biggest update by far is native workree support, meaning your agent can work on multiple features or bug fixes in isolation without you having to manually configure anything. But was this released too soon with many developers already having basic issues? Hit subscribe and let's get into it. Using Git Work trees with coding agents is nothing new. In fact, Claude Desktop has had it for a while and there are many plugins or tools that support it like Claude Squad, which we've already made a video about. But one of the reasons I personally haven't done it is because doing it manually can add mental load. And hopefully this new feature in Claude Code will make it a lot easier for me. Let's try it. So here is a basic to-dos app built by Claude in React for testing purposes. I wouldn't actually build this up for any other reason than to test. But anyway, I'd like to add a dark mode toggle because this is blinding my eyes. I'd also like to add the ability to save this in local storage because if I refresh, it doesn't save. And I'd like to add the ability to edit to-dos. Now, usually I'd put all those features into one prompt. So, dark mode toggle local storage and the ability to edit to-dos. The problem with that is if one of these features had a bug, then I'd have to work on the whole thing. delay the other features from being released because everything is on the same PR or the same branch. But with work trees, I can work on these features in separate branches at the same time on my local machine without having to do any manual setup. And if there is an issue with one of these features, I can push the other two features and work on that one on its own branch. So let me show you how to do that. So if I do claude code with the W flag, then that will give me a work tree with a random name chosen by Claude. Wait, Lan. Okay, but if I wanted to give my work tree a name, I'd give it a name after the W flag, which will put it under here. This gives me a new work tree over here. And it also creates a new branch, but doesn't delete the previous work tree that we created. So keep that in mind if you end up making a lot of temporary work trees. And in theclaw directory of the project under work trees, we can look at our work tree and see all the code files associated with it. Note, work trees only work if your project has git initialized and you've made at least one commit. Now I can go ahead and implement all the features to this project in different work trees. So now all the three features have finished and we can see here that the dark mode toggle works. In this one there's no dark mode toggle but I can edit the to-do. So I'll add a new one and change it here. And in the local storage one there seems to be an issue. But this is the benefit of work trees because I can see that the other two work well. So I could commit those or create a pull request and I could focus on this one. And I could use a dedicated claude code session to fix this issue. And when I'm done with workree, I can either keep it so I can go back to it later or remove it from my system. If I decided to keep it, I could go back to the exact same work tree if I specify the name. As you can see here, I could even resume sessions from my current work tree or press Ctrl W to see all the sessions in this project. Although I'm not quite sure how it works out the current session since right now I'm on the main branch. Speaking of current session, if you wanted to work from the work tree directory, you could either navigate directly to it using cd.claw work trees and so on. Or you could run work trees with the t-max flag, which will take you straight to that directory. And if I opened up a new split pane, you can see I'm in that work tree and I can navigate through the work tree specific files. But the coolest thing about work trees is that they support sub aents, meaning I can get different sub aents to work on multiple features in different branches in the same clawed code session. And if you want work tree support in custom sub aents, so a custom sub aents will automatically spin up a work tree. All you have to do is add this isolation work tree in the front matter and claude will take care of the rest. Overall, I'm really impressed with this feature and it's something that I'm definitely be going to using more of, particularly with the new work tree hooks that allow you to use work trees without git, so SVN, Juju, etc., and also to run scripts automatically when you create a new work tree. But unfortunately, it seems a lot of people have been having issues with work trees since the latest clawed code update because of what looks like a broken feature flag. Luckily, you can get Clawed Code to fix its own binary as a temporary measure. But hopefully the team will have a proper fix later on so that more people can experience this awesome feature. Speaking of awesome features, if you're a React developer and want a CLI tool to automatically detect React antiatterns, then check out this video from Andress that goes through React Doctor.